Change format keyword positioning (#664)
json-schema-org/website: pages/understanding-json-schema/reference/type.md

range, that would not be applicable to other types. In this reference,
these validation keywords are described along with each of their
corresponding types in the following chapters.

## Format[#format]

The `format` keyword allows for basic semantic identification of certain

> kinds of values that are commonly used. or user could define its own format and use them alongside

Reviewer: Nitpicking: A typo + not in present tense
Suggestion: kinds of commonly used, or a user could define their format and use them alongside

> kinds of values that are commonly used. or user could define its own format and use them alongside

Reviewer 2: Grammatically, this still seems incomplete.

As written:

> The `format` keyword allows for basic semantic identification of certain
kinds of values that are commonly used. or user could define its own format and use them alongside

- "... commonly used. or user could ..." - The second sentence seems to start in the middle of a thought.
- "and use them alongside" - Alongside what?  This needs an object.

As suggested:

> The `format` keyword allows for basic semantic identification of certain kinds of commonly used, or a user could define their format and use them alongside

- "certain kinds of commonly used..." - Commonly used what?  Object needed.
- "and use them alongside" - Alongside what?  This needs an object.

---

My suggestion:

> The `format` keyword conveys semantic information for values that may be difficult or impossible to describe using JSON Schema. Typically, this semantic information is described by other documents. The JSON Schema Validation specification defines a number of formats, however  this keyword also allows schema authors to define their own formats.

For example, because JSON doesn\'t have a \"DateTime\" type, dates need to be encoded as strings.
`format` allows the schema author to indicate that the string value
should be interpreted as a date. By default, `format` is just an
annotation and does not effect validation.

Optionally, validator [implementations](../../learn/glossary#implementation) can provide a configuration option
to enable `format` to function as an assertion rather than just an

> annotation. That means that validation will fail if, for example, a

Reviewer: Nitpick :
Suggestion: validation fails when, for example a value with date format.

value with a `date` format isn\'t in a form that can be parsed as a

> date. This can allow values to be constrained beyond what the other

Reviewer: Suggestion:
This allows values to be constrained beyond what the other tools in JSON Schema can do, including Regular Expressions.

tools in JSON Schema, including [Regular Expressions](../../understanding-json-schema/reference/regular_expressions) can
do.

> Implementations may provide validation for only a subset of the built-in
> formats or do partial validation for a given format. For example, some
> implementations may consider a string an email if it contains a `@`,
> while others might do additional checks for other aspects of a well
> formed email address.

There is a bias toward networking-related formats in the JSON Schema
specification, most likely due to its heritage in web technologies.

> However, custom formats may also be used, as long as the parties

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
However, custom formats may also be used if the parties exchanging the JSON documents share information about the custom format types

> However, custom formats may also be used, as long as the parties

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
However, custom formats may also be used if the parties exchanging the JSON documents share information about the custom format types

exchanging the JSON documents also exchange information about the custom
format types. A JSON Schema validator will ignore any format type that
it does not understand.

### Built-in formats[#built-in-formats]

It should be noted that `format` is not limited because it only defines a specific set of valid values for formats. Users may define their own custom keywords to work with any specific data type, such as `integer`, `double`, `float`, etc. Below, we cover the commonly used `string` formats specified in the JSON Schema specification.

#### Dates and times

Dates and times are represented in [RFC 3339, section 5.6](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.6). This is a subset
of the date format also commonly known as [ISO8601 format](https://www.iso.org/iso-8601-date-and-time-format.html).

- `"date-time"`: Date and time together, for example,
  `2018-11-13T20:20:39+00:00`.

> - `"time"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 7" /> Time, for example, `20:20:39+00:00`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"time"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 7" /> Time, for example, `20:20:39+00:00`. 
```

  [RFC3987](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3987).
- `"iri-reference"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 7" /> The internationalized equivalent of a
  \"uri-reference\", according to
  [RFC3987](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3987)

If the values in the schema have the ability to be relative to a
particular source path (such as a link from a webpage), it is generally
better practice to use `"uri-reference"` (or `"iri-reference"`) rather
than `"uri"` (or `"iri"`). `"uri"` should only be used when the path
must be absolute.

<Keywords label="single: uri-template single: format; uri-template" />

#### URI template

- `"uri-template"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 6" /> A URI Template (of any level) according to
  [RFC6570](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570). If you don\'t
  already know what a URI Template is, you probably don\'t need this
  value.

<Keywords label="single: json-pointer single: relative-json-pointer single: format; json-pointer single: format; relative-json-pointer" />

#### JSON Pointer

- `"json-pointer"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 6" /> A JSON Pointer, according to
  [RFC6901](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6901). There is more

>   discussion on the use of JSON Pointer within JSON Schema in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  discussion on using JSON Pointer within JSON Schema in
```

  [Structuring a complex schema](../../understanding-json-schema/structuring). Note that this should be used only when
  the entire string contains only JSON Pointer content, e.g.
  `/foo/bar`. JSON Pointer URI fragments, e.g. `#/foo/bar/` should use
  `"uri-reference"`.
- `"relative-json-pointer"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 7" /> A [relative JSON pointer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-handrews-relative-json-pointer-01).

<Keywords label="single: regex single: format; regex" />

#### Regular Expressions

> - `"regex"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 7" /> A regular expression, which should be valid according to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"regex"`: <StarInline label="New in draft 7" /> A regular expression that should be valid according to
```
